README.md, before:

# Litten

Litten app iOS repository using React Native

## Development Commands

```sh
# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Install the cocoapods dependencies
yarn pods

# Run the simulator
yarn ios

# Run the ES linter
yarn lint

# Run the Flow type checker
yarn type-check

# Run the tests
yarn test

# Prepare the data dependencies
yarn prepare-data

# This will start the Firebase Emulator UI
yarn start:firestore
```

## UI Components

The UI Components catalog can be viewed inside the app, through the
developer-only `Storybook` screen available in the `Profile` tab.

Additionally, a server can be started in order to browse the components using
a browser.

```sh
yarn storybook
```

## Environment

Customize the environment variables, some functions might fail due to lack of
certain API keys.

```sh
cp .env.example .env
```

## Backend

Currently, the project relies on a [Firebase][firebase] infrastructure. The app
will fail to build until a new project is [setup][setupfirebase] and the
`GoogleService-Info.plist` configutarion file is added to the `ios` directory.

Additionally, you should install, configure and integrate the
[Local Emulator Suite][emulator].

### Current API dependecies

- [Google Maps (Geocoding)][googleapikey]

## License

The project's source code is licensed as [AGPL-3.0][license], but the images and
the design are [not licensed][licenseimgs].

<!-- References -->

[firebase]: https://firebase.google.com
[setupfirebase]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup
[emulator]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite/install_and_configure
[googleapikey]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/get-api-key
[license]: ./LICENSE
[licenseimgs]: ./lib/images/README.md

Commit message:

:robot: Tweaked the android build

README.md, after:

# Litten

Litten app iOS repository using React Native

## Development Commands

```sh
# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Install the cocoapods dependencies
yarn pods

# Run the simulator
yarn ios

# Run the ES linter
yarn lint

# Run Prettier
yarn pretty

# Run the Flow type checker
yarn type-check

# Run the tests
yarn test

# Prepare the data dependencies
yarn prepare-data

# This will start the Firebase Emulator UI
yarn start:firestore
```

## UI Components

The UI Components catalog can be viewed inside the app, through the
developer-only `Storybook` screen available in the `Profile` tab.

Additionally, a server can be started in order to browse the components using
a browser.

```sh
yarn storybook
```

## Environment

Customize the environment variables, some functions might fail due to lack of
certain API keys.

```sh
cp .env.example .env
```

The `GOOGLE_API_KEY` needs to be available in order for the Android gradle build
to be able to pick it up. Consider exporting it in your shell's run commands
file (e.g., `.bash_profile`).

## Backend

Currently, the project relies on a [Firebase][firebase] infrastructure. The app
will fail to build until a new project is [setup][setupfirebase] and the
`GoogleService-Info.plist` configutarion file is added to the `ios` directory.

Additionally, you should install, configure and integrate the
[Local Emulator Suite][emulator].

### Current API dependecies

- [Google Maps (Geocoding)][googleapikey]

## License

The project's source code is licensed as [AGPL-3.0][license], but the images and
the design are [not licensed][licenseimgs].

<!-- References -->

[firebase]: https://firebase.google.com
[setupfirebase]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/ios/setup
[emulator]: https://firebase.google.com/docs/emulator-suite/install_and_configure
[googleapikey]: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/get-api-key
[license]: ./LICENSE
[licenseimgs]: ./lib/images/README.md
